---
ID: 99
post_title: Testing Updates 4/5/2017
author: Jon Morganeg
post_date: 2017-04-05 13:34:15
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  http://eduguideinsiders.shepherdhistory.org/2017/04/05/testing-updates-452017/
published: true
medium_post:
  - 'O:11:"Medium_Post":11:{s:16:"author_image_url";N;s:10:"author_url";N;s:11:"byline_name";N;s:12:"byline_email";N;s:10:"cross_link";N;s:2:"id";N;s:21:"follower_notification";N;s:7:"license";N;s:14:"publication_id";N;s:6:"status";N;s:3:"url";N;}'
tags: [ ]
categories:
  - News
---
Things are staying busy at EduGuide as we continue to build new features and work to improve different parts of the site. Here are some of the recent updates we’ve made to the site recently:
<ul>
 	<li><a href="https://trello.com/c/wL96a1vp"><b>Homepage </b></a>- At the beginning of this month, we rolled out a homepage with a brand-new design, clearer messaging, and a link which allows visitors to test drive our product via a demo team.</li>
 	<li><b>Blog </b>- We moved our blog “in-house” as a part of our improvements to the homepage.</li>
 	<li><b>Online Glossary</b> - This week we introduced a new glossary tool to students which allows them to quickly look up definitions for words that trip them up. The words they look up are automatically saved in a personal glossary.</li>
</ul>
I don’t have new assignments for testers, although many of these new features can be accessed either from the general site, or from inside the EduGuide Insiders team. So, I’m encouraging you to <a href="https://trello.com/c/9jBMPzSJ">join the team if you haven’t yet</a>, and then share your notes about that experience. I have a couple of members who have joined as students, but need a few more coaches who can help me test the coaches’ experience of monitoring progress in the path and managing the team. The directions are in the Trello card linked above.

Both coaches and members can test the new online glossary by double clicking a word in the path. When you do, the word’s definition will be displayed in an overlay towards the top of the screen automatically. You can also look up the translation for words in different languages.
<h2>Google Hangouts</h2>
I’d like to begin meeting with testers via Google Hangouts on a regular basis. I’m still working out how often this could be. My plan is to pick a day when I would say in a hangout for an hour or two, and then anybody else who is available can just jump in when they can. The first hangout would serve as more of an ice breaker, but in the future we might use this time to discuss a feature that you’ve tested. Stay tuned.
<h2>Connections</h2>
Remember that you can connect with me both online and via the web. In addition to the <a href="https://trello.com/b/3CF4rGh2">Trello board</a>, which I’m going to use more for posting assignments, there is a <a href="https://plus.google.com/b/102906894756847084014/communities/107310603151482085733">Google+ community </a>where you can ask questions or share feedback, and you can email me at <a href="mailto:helpdesk@eduguide.org">helpdesk@eduguide.org</a>. Watch the EduGuide Insider Blog for updates.